It seems that after leaving Sister Yue
You're not doing so well, are you?
Warm me and tell you everything I know
Oh, is it so cooperative?
Since I couldn't contact the third master
I knew I would find it for you sooner or later
So I was ready.
Then why are you running?
It's not normal to run away
In case I really get away with it
That's not pretty.
So
We are continuing to chat now.
Or will you tell me everything I want to know?
I'm all about having a good time
Okay, there are three masters in the company in the whole river city
Buried wife
No company can escape
Third master's husband
Just make someone disappear
It's not too difficult for the third master
Even if that person is the president of the company
Who would have thought of a bodyguard by their side?
Even cleaning
Are the objects you need to watch out for
So the lady just disappeared
No wonder
You still call him miss
Miss or not, it doesn't matter anymore
What matters is the little people like us
There is no way to communicate with those who only
Hands covering the sky bosses contend
And the third master is the biggest boss in Cong Mingjiang Village
My life is worthless
So I can see Chen Zeshan's blood all over
Just to disgust him
I don't have Sister Yue's thoughts
Don't call her Sister Yue anymore
Look at the past
Do your best to take care of Sister Yue
Break an arm
Leave you lucky
It's over.
Where to go next
Big pharmacy let's go